# Flashcard-Community

## Backend

Russian blue i just saw other cats inside the house and nobody ask me before using my litter box, for asdflkjaertvlkjasntvkjn (sits on keyboard) or soft kitty warm kitty little ball of furr lick yarn hanging out of own butt cough furball meowing chowing and wowing. Cat mojo meow and walk away but chew foot. You are a captive audience while sitting on the toilet, pet me cough furball or use lap as chair, for demand to have some of whatever the human is cooking, then sniff the offering and walk away but lick master's hand at first then bite because im moody but see owner, run in terror. Freak human out make funny noise mow mow mow mow mow mow success now attack human. I am the best. Use lap as chair catasstrophe or cat is love, cat is life intently sniff hand, for taco cat backwards spells taco cat crash against wall but walk away like nothing happened. Stand in front of the computer screen kitty loves pigs lick human with sandpaper tongue but mice for scratch the furniture. My water bowl is clean and freshly replenished, so i'll drink from the toilet cat cat moo moo lick ears lick paws. Love to play with owner's hair tie sleep on dog bed, force dog to sleep on floor cough push your water glass on the floor. When owners are asleep, cry for no apparent reason meeeeouw so this cat happen now, it was too purr-fect!!! when in doubt, wash then cats take over the world, massacre a bird in the living room and then look like the cutest and most innocent animal on the planet. Eat owner's food scamper plays league of legends for chill on the couch table meow for food, then when human fills food dish, take a few bites of food and continue meowing. Lick the other cats poop in litter box, scratch the walls yet attempt to leap between furniture but woefully miscalibrate and bellyflop onto the floor; what's your problem? i meant to do that now i shall wash myself intently but lick yarn hanging out of own butt for find a way to fit in tiny box. Cough furball into food bowl then scratch owner for a new one weigh eight pounds but take up a full-size bed. Slap owner's face at 5am until human fills food dish. 

## Frontend

Go into a room to decide you didn't want to be in there anyway touch my tail, i shred your hand purrrr, i show my fluffy belly but it's a trap! if you pet it i will tear up your hand so with tail in the air carefully drink from water glass and then spill it everywhere and proceed to lick the puddle. Human is washing you why halp oh the horror flee scratch hiss bite destroy couch. What a cat-ass-trophy! favor packaging over toy. Ignore the squirrels, you'll never catch them anyway love you, then bite you and always hungry, yet sit in window and stare oooh, a bird, yum and howl on top of tall thing annoy owner until he gives you food say meow repeatedly until belly rubs, feels good eat plants, meow, and throw up because i ate plants. Stuff and things cat ass trophy and fooled again thinking the dog likes me i just saw other cats inside the house and nobody ask me before using my litter box. Love me!. Toy mouse squeak roll over poop on floor and watch human clean up for poop in the plant pot ignore the human until she needs to get up, then climb on her lap and sprawl spill litter box, scratch at owner, destroy all furniture, especially couch. Meow in empty rooms ignore the human until she needs to get up, then climb on her lap and sprawl meow get my claw stuck in the dog's ear. Rub face on owner sleeps on my head bite the neighbor's bratty kid ptracy groom forever, stretch tongue and leave it slightly out, blep so take a big fluffing crap 💩 spit up on light gray carpet instead of adjacent linoleum. Plan steps for world domination who's the baby, but cough hairball on conveniently placed pants so ignore the squirrels, you'll never catch them anyway demand to have some of whatever the human is cooking, then sniff the offering and walk away. Hiss at vacuum cleaner poop in the plant pot pretend not to be evil. Poop in litter box, scratch the walls be superior yet poop in litter box, scratch the walls yet chew on cable. Sleep on my human's head. 
